This will be the first and last roast of the night, as we've already used up your entire vocabulary.
It seems like you were probably a slippery baby, right?
Sorry, I can't think of an insult dumb enough for you to understand.
Whenever you open your mouth, it's like, "Whoa, somebody took too many drugs this morning."
I know it looks like I'm listening to you, but really I'm just visualizing duct tape over your mouth.
The only way you'd get hurt from doing exercise would be if you sprained your finger changing the channel.
You're not stupid, you just have bad luck when thinking.
You have your entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
You're not the dumbest person in the world, but you better hope they don't die.
There's somebody out there for everybody. For you, it's a psychiatrist.
I'm sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
Every time I have a stick in my hand, you start looking more and more like a piñata.
Stupidity isn’t a crime, so you’re free to go.
I consider you my sun. Now please get 93 million miles away from here.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Why don't you go play in traffic?
Right now, you are as useful as a soup sandwich.
Mirrors can't talk. Lucky for you, they can't laugh, either.
I've seen salads that dress better than you.
Your biscuit's not quite done in the middle.
You changed your mind? Does this one work any better?
You don't need to fear success. There is really nothing for you to worry about.
I have 90 billion nerves, and you've gotten on every single one of them.
I’d say you’re dumb as a rock, but at least a rock can hold a door open.
“You bring so much joy when you leave the room.”
“Your idea of a balanced diet is a taco in each hand.”
“You’re like a cloud—when you disappear, it’s a beautiful day.”
“If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I’d be broke.”
“You’ve got the perfect face for radio.”
“You’re like a software update. Whenever I see you, I think, ‘Not now.’”
“I could explain it to you, but I left my English-to-Dingbat dictionary at home.”
“You’re the reason I can’t have nice things.”
“I don’t have the time to explain this, but you should start using your brain more.”
“If brains were taxed, you’d get a rebate.”
“You must be the square root of negative one because you can’t be real.”
“I’ve seen salads dressed better than you.”
“Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.”
“You’re like a cloud—when you leave, it’s a beautiful day.”
“You’re proof that evolution can go in reverse.”
“I’d agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.”
“If you were any more dense, you’d have your own gravitational pull.”
“I could explain it to you, but I’d rather explain calculus to a brick wall.”
“You make a rock look like a genius.”
“I’d agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.”
“You’re like a cloud: when you leave, it’s a beautiful day.”
“I’d explain it to you, but I left my instruction manual at home.”
“You’re the reason I can’t have nice things.”
“You’re like the first slice of bread—everyone just wants to get rid of you.”
“If I wanted to hear from an idiot, I’d just talk to myself.”
“You’ve got the perfect face for radio.”
“You’re like a parking ticket: you’ve got fine written all over you.”
“You must be a magician because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.”
“You’re a few fries short of a happy meal.”
“Your brain is like a web browser—10 tabs open, 3 of them frozen.”
“You’re like a sunburn—annoying, but you can’t ignore it.”
“Your brain is like a broken pencil—pointless.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was speaking to the world’s foremost expert in everything.”
“I’d explain it to you, but I left my manual on how to talk to dummies.”
“You’re the kind of person who’d trip over a wireless internet connection.”
“Your brain is like a bad Wi-Fi connection—slow and constantly disconnecting.”
“You must be the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.”
“Is your refrigerator running? Because you should catch it!”
I would’ve gotten you something special, but then I remembered… you’re already here.”
“It’s not that you’re old; you’re just a classic—like a vintage wine that’s turned to vinegar.”
“Happy birthday! Just remember, you’re not getting older, you’re getting… well, older.”
“At least you’re not the worst gift we’ve gotten. But you’re close.”
“Weddings are like a fine wine: they get better with time. But with you, let’s just hope the wine’s good.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was speaking to the world’s foremost expert in everything.”
“Oh, you’re talking? I didn’t know it was ‘talk like a fool’ day.”
“It’s cute how you think you can roast me when your own life is a joke.”
“You say that like it’s something I care about.”
“I’d respond, but I’m too busy being amazing.”
“If I wanted to hear from an idiot, I’d just talk to myself.”
“Not everyone can be as fabulous as me, but you should still try.”
“Maybe you should get a refund on your sense of humor.”
“It’s okay to be jealous of me. I get it.”
If I wanted to kill myself, I would simply jump from your ego to your IQ.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
Whatever doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
You’re my favorite person… besides every other person I’ve ever met.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
You’re about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
I can’t wait to spend my whole life without you.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
You are what happens when women drink during pregnancy.
I don’t hate you, but if you were drowning, I would give you a high five.
Were you born on the highway? That is where most accidents happen.
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything!
I didn’t mean to offend you… but it was a huge plus.
There is someone out there for everyone. For you, it’s a therapist.
Sorry I can’t think of an insult dumb enough for you to understand.
You are the sun in my life… now get 93 million miles away from me.
I would smack you, but I’m against animal abuse.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it works.
That sounds like a you problem.
I believed in evolution until I met you.
Whoever told you to be yourself, gave you a bad advice.
You have such a beautiful face… But let’s put a bag over that personality.
I envy people who have never met you.
If I throw a stick, will you leave me too?
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
When I look at you, I wish I could meet you again for the first time… and walk past.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Me neither.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parent’s job.
You are the reason why there are instructions on shampoo bottles.
Every time I have a stick in my hand, you look like a pinata.
Honey, only thing bothering me is placed between your ears.
You are like a software update. every time I see you, I immediately think “not now”.
I told my therapist about you; she didn’t believe me.
I like the way you comb your hair, so horns don’t show up.
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon.
People like you are the reason I’m on medication.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
If I had a dollar every time you shut up, I would give it back as a thank you.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
I would call you an idiot, but it would be an insult for stupid people.
Only thing that is pleasing about our relationship is that you are no longer in it.
Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
It is hilarious how you are trying to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
Who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
I’ve been called worse by better.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Your ass must be pretty jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth.
Your only purpose in life is to become an organ donor.
Grab a straw, because you suck.
When I look at you, I think to myself where have you been my whole life? Can you go back there?
Have a nice day… somewhere else.
You were so happy for the negativity of your Covid test, we didn’t want to spoil the happiness by telling you it was an IQ test.
Did you know your incubator had tinted windows? That explains a lot.
The last time I saw something like you, it was behind metal grids.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off.
You have more faces than Mount Rushmore.
The only way my husband would ever get hurt during an activity is if the TV exploded.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Your face makes onions cry.
You’re entitled to your incorrect opinion.
The people who know me the least have the most to say.
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.
My phone battery lasts longer than your relationships.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
I forgot the world revolves around you. My apologies! How silly of me.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
I’m visualizing duct tape over your mouth.
My middle finger gets a boner every time I see you.
'd love to stay and chat, but I'd rather have root canal surgery."
"Your opinion is very important to me. Please hold."
"I'm visualizing duck tape over your mouth."
"Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you'll find a brain back there."
"I've been called worse by better."
"I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you."
"Sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am."
"Oh, I'm sorry. Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?"
"I believe in respect for the dead; in your case, silence."
"I'm not a proctologist, but I know an asshole when I see one."
"Beauty is skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone."
"If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them

